Test/brseed 1342 e2 e test baremetal (#407)
alumet-dev/alumet: integration-tests/README.md

Reviewer: Conflicts not handle correctly in this file

Author: yes, I know it was not so easy to resolve conflict on README, I will rewrite it.

# Alumet integration tests <!-- omit in toc -->

This folder contains all script files and scenarios for testing alumet on bare metal.
The structure of files is:

```bash

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```text
```

Author: done

├── README.md
├── run.sh
└── scenarios
    ├── common
    │   └── alumet_keywords.robot
    ├── __init__.robot
    ├── installation.robot
    ├── plugin-perf.robot
    ├── plugin-rapl.robot
    ├── resources
    │   ├── help-config-option.txt
    │   ├── help-exec-option.txt
    │   ├── help-option.txt
    │   ├── help-plugins-option.txt
    │   └── help-watch-option.txt
    └── tools
        └── cpu_load.sh
```

The scenarios (test suites) are located in scenarios folder. Robot framework is used to perform automatically the tests. Each suite test is a set of tests.
The test strategy is to write one robot framework file (a test suite) per alumet plugin and/or per features.

The current version contains the following robot framework files:
- installation.robot: for testing installation of alumet (uninstallation is tested using the Suite Teardown)
- plugin-perf.robot: for testing perf plugin
- plugin-rapl.robot: for testing rapl plugin.

> The __init__.robot file contains the Suite Setup (Install Alumet) and Teardown (UnInstall Alumet). When this file is present,  robot framework executes at the beginning of the tests the keyword _Install Alumet_ and at the end of test execution the keyword _UnInstall alumet_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The __init__.robot file contains the Suite Setup (Install Alumet) and Teardown (Uninstall Alumet). When this file is present, robot framework executes at the beginning of the tests the keyword `Install Alumet` and at the end of test execution the keyword `Uninstall alumet`
```

Author: done

> Each test can have one or several tags allowing to exclude tests to during the execution with robot framework.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each test can have one or several tags allowing the exclusion of tests from being run by robot framework.
```

Author: done

> Before executing the tests, you need to install robot framework.

Reviewer: Add the link to the install guide from roboframework
Here is the one about install in venv on linux: https://docs.robotframework.org/docs/getting_started/testing#install-robot-framework-in-a-virtual-environment

Author: done

> After you need to initialize the robot framework environment:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then you need to initialize the robot framework virtual environment:
```

Author: done

```bash

>  source ~/venv-robot/bin/activate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
source ~/venv-robot/bin/activate
```

Author: done

(venv-robot) [zychlae@carbon0 integration_tests]$
```

> A script run.sh allows to execute the robot framework tests on a target node and with a target alumet release and distribution. For that, you can modify the variables in run.sh script:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The script run.sh allows to execute the robot framework tests on a target node with a target alumet's release and distribution. For that, you can modify the variables in run.sh:
```

Author: done

```bash
# credentials used to logon on the target node
NODE=otpaas2
USERNAME=emmanuel
KEY=${HOME}/.ssh/id_rsa
HOME_TEST=$(pwd)
# version of Alumet to installed
ALUMET_VERSION=0.9.4

> ALUMET_DISTRIBUTION=1_amd64_ubuntu_22.04
> ```
> 
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Author: done

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Check Rapl Metric dram                                                metric value read: 2.7979583740234375
Check Rapl Metric dram                                                | PASS |
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Check Rapl Metric dram_total                                          metric value read: 5.789459228515625
Check Rapl Metric dram_total                                          | PASS |
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
stop alumet                                                           | PASS |
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Check alumet not running                                              | PASS |
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Scenarios.Plugin-Rapl :: Alumet test plugin rapl                      | PASS |
9 tests, 9 passed, 0 failed
==============================================================================
Scenarios                                                             | FAIL |

> 27 tests, 25 passed, 2 failed

Reviewer: No need to have that much info. You can keep the heading and footer of you example and use [...] to replace the main part of your example

Reviewer: For example:

```suggestion
Start running tests at: Thu Jun  4 17:06:14 CEST 2026
==============================================================================
Scenarios
==============================================================================
Scenarios.Installation :: Alumet installation / uninstallation
==============================================================================
Test connection on target node                                        | PASS |
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
install alumet                                                        | PASS |

[...]

==============================================================================
Scenarios                                                             | PASS|
27 tests, 27 passed, 0 failed
```

Author: Ok, I remove some of them in the output

```

> The robot framework generates a report and log file in html format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Robot framework generates a report and a log files in html format.
```

Author: done

> To write a new test suite for an input plugin, you must be used the Check Metric keyword as a template. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To write a new test suite for an input plugin, you must be used the Check Metric keyword as a template.
```

Author: done

> To write a new test suite for an input plugin, you must be used the Check Metric keyword as a template. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To write a new test suite for an input plugin, you must use the `Check Metric` keyword to validate the csv output file. 
```

Author: done

> You can take example with the plugin-rapl.robot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You use plugin-rapl.robot as an example.
```

Author: done
